Add release notes for WP 6.1 (#7871)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/start-states/wordpress.md

## Latest Release

### 2022-11-01

#### <a name="20221018" class="release-update"></a>Replace mu-plugin with a format consistent with pantheon-systems/pantheon-mu-plugin

> This commit aligns the mu-plugin format to [our standalone repository](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/pantheon-mu-plugin), and will allow for the mu-plugin to receive updates from that repo whenever an updated version of WordPress is released. If you'd like to suggest changes to our mu-plugin, create an issue or open a PR [here](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/pantheon-mu-plugin). 

Reviewer: using "here" as a link anchor is generally considered bad practice. Instead:

```suggestion
This commit aligns the mu-plugin format to [our standalone repository](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/pantheon-mu-plugin), and will allow for the mu-plugin to receive updates from that repo whenever an updated version of WordPress is released. If you'd like to suggest changes to our mu-plugin, create an issue or open a PR [in `pantheon-mu-plugin` issues](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/pantheon-mu-plugin/issues). 
```
